Update testing documentation (#119)
cashapp/molecule: README.md

### Testing

Use `moleculeFlow(clock = Immediate)` and test using [Turbine](https://github.com/cashapp/turbine/). Your `moleculeFlow` will run just like any other flow does in Turbine.

```kotlin
@Test fun counter() = runTest {
  moleculeFlow(RecompositionClock.Immediate) {
    Counter()

>   }.test {
>       assertEquals(0, awaitItem())
>       assertEquals(1, awaitItem())
>       assertEquals(2, awaitItem())
>       cancel()
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  }.test {
    assertEquals(0, awaitItem())
    assertEquals(1, awaitItem())
    assertEquals(2, awaitItem())
    cancel()
  }
```

}
```

> > Note : If you're earlier using `molecule-testing` dependency, please switch to testing your molecule using `moleculeFlow` with `ImmediateClock` and [Turbine](https://github.com/cashapp/turbine/).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> If you're unit testing a molecule in Android, please set below in your project's AGP config.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use Molecule and reference Android APIs in your unit tests, you might need to set the following Android Gradle plugin option:
```

Reviewer: The Compose runtime is the library that calls into Android APIs. So all Molecule users in an Android module will need to do this.

> If you're unit testing a molecule in Android, please set below in your project's AGP config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're unit testing Molecule on the JVM in an Android module, please set below in your project's AGP config.
```
